Docs: Remove redundant word in datastructures.rst (#140812)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

       ...

The :keyword:`type` statement is new in Python 3.12. For backwards

> compatibility, type aliases can also be created through `assignment statements <https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html#assignment-statements>`_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compatibility, type aliases can also be created through :ref:`assignment statements <assignment>`:
```
